Fix: is_fully_escaped does not handle consecutive backslashes correctly (#14393)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/14392.bugfix.rst

> Fixed ``is_fully_escaped`` not handling consecutive backslashes correctly: an escaped backslash before a metacharacter (e.g. ``\\\\.``) was incorrectly treated as escaping the metacharacter itself, causing ``pytest.raises(match=...)`` to skip the regex diff display when it should have shown one.

Reviewer: Let's omit the  reference to the internal `is_fully_escaped` function, users reading the changelog don't care about that.

```suggestion
Fixed a bug in :func:`pytest.raises(match=...) <pytest.raises>` "fully escaped" detection, causing the regex diff display to be shown in some instances when the raw string diff display should be shown instead.
```
